Improve documentation on connecting to AWS RDS and SCRAM (#1083)
pgbouncer/pgbouncer: doc/config.md

successfully authenticate if it does not know either a) user password in plain text or 
b) corresponding SCRAM secret.

Some cloud providers (i.e. AWS RDS) prohibit access to PostgreSQL sensitive system tables 
for fetching passwords. Even for the most privileged user (i.e. member of rds_superuser) the
`select * from pg_authid`;  returns the `ERROR:  permission denied for table pg_authid.`
That is a known behaviour 
([blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/best-practices-for-migrating-postgresql-databases-to-amazon-rds-and-amazon-aurora/)).

Therefore, fetching an existing SCRAM secret once it has been stored in a managed server
is impossible which makes it hard to configure PgBouncer to use the same SCRAM secret. 
Nevertheless, SCRAM secret can still be configured and used on both sides using the following trick: 

Generate SCRAM secret for arbitrary password locally (using a custom script or local postgres installation 
running on your desktop). Then take the secret and set it inside PgBouncer's `userlist.txt` 
as well as inside managed server via alter role command.

```sql
alter role <role_name> password 'SCRAM-SHA-256$<iterations>:<salt>$<storedkey>:<serverkey>';

> ```

Reviewer: I think the easiest and most secure way to do this is by using `psql` with the `-E` flag to connect to the machine in question and then use the `\password` command:
```
$ psql -E
psql (16.3)
Type "help" for help.

postgres=# \password myuser
Enter new password for user "myuser":
Enter it again:
********* QUERY **********
ALTER USER myuser PASSWORD 'SCRAM-SHA-256$4096:FP5Q/0n7Kr50KiZxt4zNnw==$UfhX6J1jBxsbWyxZPu1N85FfsGCjBY/MoJ4rmTwTBus=:zHuNlJhHcCwCs+7Jz+uxAcQqksObiUphAzPcbeTk7aA='
**************************
```

Author: Beautiful, so no need for custom scripts or local instance postgres instalation. Going to retest it and then I am sending an updated PR. Thanks @JelteF !

Author: Done. Thanks!

for fetching passwords. Even for the most privileged user (i.e. member of rds_superuser) the
`select * from pg_authid`;  returns the `ERROR:  permission denied for table pg_authid.`
That is a known behaviour 
([blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/best-practices-for-migrating-postgresql-databases-to-amazon-rds-and-amazon-aurora/)).

Therefore, fetching an existing SCRAM secret once it has been stored in a managed server
is impossible which makes it hard to configure PgBouncer to use the same SCRAM secret. 
Nevertheless, SCRAM secret can still be configured and used on both sides using the following trick: 

Generate SCRAM secret for arbitrary password with a tool that is capable of printing out the secret. 
For example `psql --echo-hidden` and the command `\password` prints out the SCRAM secret 
to the console before sending it over to the server. 
```
Enter new password for user "<role_name>": 
Enter it again: 
********* QUERY **********
ALTER USER <role_name> PASSWORD 'SCRAM-SHA-256$<iterations>:<salt>$<storedkey>:<serverkey>'
**************************
```
Note down the SCRAM secret from the QUERY and set it in PgBouncer's `userlist.txt`. 

> If you used a tool other than `psql -E` then you need to set the SCRAM secret also in the server 

Reviewer: nit: let's stay consistent to use long option
```suggestion
If you used a tool other than `psql --echo-hidden` then you need to set the SCRAM secret also in the server 
```
